{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green15\blue15;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22420\viewh14780\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Description:
\b0  The idea is to create a peer to peer system for awarding points/credits for helping fellow IBMers with small tasks. It could be as simple as helping build a slide or writing a white-paper or helping with an RFP. If it's above and beyond their daily tasks, people should get rewards. The solution at a glance is to leverage Bluemix, Blockchain and BitCoin technologies (B3) to create an application that can allow the peer-to-peer transactions. \

\b \
Discussion Notes:
\b0  This new tool can be a ledger of value exchanged between IBMers -The tool should support conversion of the reward currency to real dollars or logoware. -The solution would need a report to that shows how many valuable transactions made through the year. This would help employees track contributions and requests. \

\b \
Building the PoC:
\b0  David mentioned that we could Create a new blockchain BlueCoin in BlueWallet -> ThankYouCoins or ThxCoins. This would allow us to leverage the existing IBM BlueWallet mobile app to facilitate the transactions and to distribute currency \
- Use existing BlueWallet to anyone you want. Get a notification for receiving the coins (could we get integration with BlueThx for people to get an email when a transaction happens) \
- Basic infrastructure is already used \
- Source code is a modification of BitCoin source code \
- Need to update BlueWallet to support it. Already supports it. You can transfer and put a comment on what the transaction is for. \
\

\b For the Co-ops
\b0 , they could build a responsive a web page that can generate the report per user on all the transactions done per quarter/year/years. This can then be used for Checkpoint reviews. -There are a set of REST API's for the BlueWallet to access the blockchain of ThxCoins -For Production, we would need to think about using the IBM Blockchain (hyper-ledger) -Will need a logo for the solution. \
\

\b Reference links:
\b0  \
BlueWallet (Web Wallet): https://tap.innovate.ibm.com/app/3473 \
BlueWallet Mobile (Mobile Wallet Apps for iOS & Android): https://tap.innovate.ibm.com/app/3510 \
BlueCoin Faucet (Place to get free test coins): https://tap.innovate.ibm.com/app/3483 \
BlueCoin Exchange (Place to support trading of different BlueCoins): https://tap.innovate.ibm.com/app/3756 On-It (Basically IFTTT for IBM). \
Supports BlueWallet as well as a bunch of other services including BlueThx. https://tap.innovate.ibm.com/app/3687 API Docs for BlueWallet are here: https://bluewallet.innovate.ibm.com/api-docs}